35381 angular update (#35632)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/angular_getting_started/index.md

})
```

> Typically, a component uses styles in a separate file using the `styleUrl` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, a component uses styles in a separate file.
You can use the `styleUrl` property with the path to the CSS file as a string or `styleUrls` with an array of strings if there are multiple CSS stylesheets you want to include:
```

```js
@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrl: './app.component.css'
})
```

With component-specific styles, you can organize your CSS so that it is easily maintainable and portable.

### Standalone components

It's recommended to [make components standalone](https://angular.dev/guide/components/importing#standalone-components) unless a project already makes use of [NgModules](https://angular.dev/guide/ngmodules) (Angular modules) to organize code.
This tutorial uses [standalone components](https://angular.dev/guide/components/importing#standalone-components) which are easier to start with.

> It's common to import [`CommonModule`](https://angular.dev/api/common/CommonModule) so that your component can make use of common [directives](https://angular.dev/guide/directives) and [pipes](https://angular.dev/guide/pipes).

Reviewer: What's the motivation for `@` directives? I see https://angular.dev/guide/directives#built-in-structural-directives `ngFor` and `ngIf` ... or am I mistaken?

Author: It's more like improving developer experience when working with larger applications `ngIf` and `ngFor` are kinda hard to use. Sometimes it can be used with `HTML` elements or Angular's `<ng-container>` tags.

When creating a new project, the starter code uses `@for`. And I used Angular version 18.2.0.
For using `ngIf` and `ngFor`, either `CommonModule` has to be imported or the respective classes has to be imported it the component.

Reviewer: OK that sounds good.

>When creating a new project, the starter code uses `@for`.

Oh, true, thanks for pointing it out. The tutorial also brings in `@if` quite early:

https://angular.dev/tutorials/learn-angular/4-control-flow-if
